applications: connectivity_bridge: Disable nrfx uarte legacy shim (#17055)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Connectivity Bridge
-------------------

> * Updated:
> 
>    * Updated the new nrfx uarte driver implementation by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_UART_NRFX_UARTE_LEGACY_SHIM` Kconfig option to ``n``.
>      This resolves an issue where data from UART0 would end up in UART1 sometimes after the device was reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the new nrfx UARTE driver implementation by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_UART_NRFX_UARTE_LEGACY_SHIM` Kconfig option to ``n``.
  This resolves an issue where data from UART0 ends up in UART1 sometimes after the device was reset.
```
